♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR]
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
At long last,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World, ruled by
the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is Punk Hazard,
an island divided into
freezing and burning halves.
There, they soon discover
the twisted motives
behind the ruler of the island,
the mad scientist Caesar Clown.
Aided by Trafalgar Law
and Vice Admiral Smoker,
they triumphed over
Caesar and his henchmen
in a climatic battle.
Shortly afterwards,
they conquered
Doflamingo's subordinates,
Baby Five and Buffalo,
before retrieving Caesar.
[LUFFY] "A Touching Reunion!
Momonosuke and Kin'emon!"
[MARINE A grunts]
Listen up, ya pirate scum!
The tanker is yer territory
and ya better stay on it!
This line here is the division
between good and evil!
So don't you even dare
think of crossin' over!
Them's the rules to
live by, Straw Hats!
[MARINES cheering, shouting]
[SMOKER]
Where the hell'd you get an idea
to waste your time with this?
Huh?
The only thing I told you to do
was not fraternize
with the pirates.
And there's no better
way to enforce that!
Men'll respect the line!
We done determine that the line
don't applicate to
the medics though!
I got into contact
with the G5 base.
We're gonna wait right
here for them to pick us up.
[MARINES]
Sir!
[LUFFY] What? That's nuts! Don't
turn yourself in, Brownbeard!
Seems like a waste since
you and my crew are friends now.
[laughs] Turns out
Caesar was exposing
his men to small amounts of
poison this whole time.
But they said the
government'll treat us
if we hand ourselves over.
Okay, fair enough.
[PIKE]
Hey, what the hell, Straw Hat?!
I just told ya not to
step across the damn line!
Clean out yer filthy ears!
And why should I care?
That's your stupid
rule, not mine!
Anyway,
I figure I would
rather rot in prison
than die as Caesar's guinea pig.
And I don't have any
of my people left here.
But, kid, I can't tell
you how good it felt
to watch you clock Caesar!
Thank you, Luffy!
[chuckles]
[BROOK]
And there...
By the way, you want to tell me
exactly what I'm
helping ya build here?
A firepit.
[BROOK]
Rather massive though.
[SANJI] It's for a massive
amount of people.
I've gotta use a big pot,
so I need a big firepit.
[laughs] Oh, I see.
[BROOK]
Poor, poor Kin'emon!
It's unbearable to see
you in such an awful state!
[sobs] I have to avert my eyes!
Even though I don't
have eyes to avert!
--[whistle sounds]
--[FRANKY] One, two, three!
Come on, pull
with all your might!
[MARINES]
One, two! One, two!
[FRANKY]
I really wish somebody told me
we were gonna be
usin' this tanker!
If I knew we were
gonna have to fix it,
well, I would've found
another place to brawl it out!
[grunts]
Hold on!
Hand over the
children to the Navy?
That's right.
[NAMI]
All of this.
They only ended up in Caesar's
hands because of the Navy!
[TASHIGI grunts]
You gonna deny it?
Those kids were put through hell
and a Vice Admiral
ushered them straight to it.
Do you really expect me
to trust the Navy now?
I promised those children
I would help them.
[NAMI]
Damn it. We can't leave them.
But there's no way that I can
turn my back on these children!
Not when we are their
only hope of getting help!
[NAMI]
I'm keeping that promise.
I will save them.
So you can-- [gasps]
I can only apologize and
try to correct those wrongs.
And I will if you
give me the chance.
They're in need of
medical treatment.
I'll ask Vegapunk to oversee it.
And I'll personally look after
them until they all recover.
After that, I'll deliver
each one of them
safely to their
parents at any cost!
So please!
Please entrust me with them!
Let me make this right!
Or I'll never be able
to live with myself!
What the heck's Law doing?
He told me not to look
inside no matter what,
but saying that
only makes me worry!
He better not be
hurting those kids!
--[thudding]
--[CHILDREN scream]
[gasps]
What're you doing to them?!
[gasps, screams]
[CHOPPER yelling]
[FRANKY]
Huh? What's with the screamin'?
Chopper, you okay?
[CHOPPER continues yelling]
[CHOPPER]
Luffy!
[LUFFY]
Huh?
Y-You've gotta stop him, hurry!
[LUFFY] Stop what?
Muh, muh, muh, muh,
muh, muh, muh...
He's committing murder!
[BROOK]
What? Who's a murderer?
Oh...
[crash]
[BROOK grunts, screams]
Now I'm a murderer, too!
[LUFFY] Who the heck
are ya talkin' about?
Law is killing them!
Really, Traffy?
[BROOK screaming]
And why's Brook freakin' out?
[BROOK gasps]
I also committed a murder!
I mean, Kin'emon was
already dead, but I--
I shattered his body!
[BOTH scream]
[SANJI] He's dead
and you shattered him?!
[LUFFY]
You killed him again?!
[BROOK]
Wh-Wh--What do I do to fix him?!
[SANJI]
What do you mean fix him?
He was already dead
before you broke him!
[LUFFY] What if we
glue him back together?!
[SANJI] How are you two not
getting that he's dead?!
--[KIN'EMON] Momonosuke!
--[LUFFY, BROOK, SANJI scream]
You're supposed to be dead!
[KIN'EMON groans]
Why are you
attacking him, Sanji?!
Why wouldn't I?!
We were just discussing how
he's dead and now he's not!!
You should be happy
about it, not kicking him!
It was a reflex. Jeez, sorry.
Well, it is a surprise.
Uh, you guys seein' this?
The guy who they thought
was killed is really alive?
[MOMONOSUKE gasping]
[BROOK] I'm so utterly
relieved, Kin'emon.
I thought you were
gone for good.
[MOMONOSUKE]
Father!
[KIN'EMON gasps]
[MOMONOSUKE whimpers]
Mo--
Momonosuke!
You're alive!
[LUFFY]
Hm? Hm?
[KIN'EMON grunts]
Father!
Momonosuke!
[MOMONOSUKE crying]
I feared that I would
never see you again!
And I thought you were dead!
Huh? That kid's Momo?
Oh, yeah, he said somethin'
about bein' a human once.
So that tiny dragon
was the child Kin'emon
had been searching for and
now they're finally reunited.
[KIN'EMON]
Mm.
Uh? He is not normally
this naked though.
Huh? [gasps]
And poof!
[KIN'EMON] This kimono
suits you quite splendidly!
Just like a true
son of Wano! [laughs]
[MOMONOSUKE]
Tell me, Father.
How did you know
that I... was...
[rumbling]
[groans]
Huh? Momonosuke!
What is the matter, my son?
It's nothing.
I promise I'm not hungry.
[KIN'EMON grunts]
Momonosuke?
Law! Get out here now!
You sicko! How could you do
that to those poor kids?!
I saw what you were doing
and you are gonna regret it!
There's a reason I told
you not to look inside.
I had a feeling you
wouldn't understand...
...why I would slice them up.
--[CHOPPER screams]
--[LAW] All those drugs.
This was the fastest way to get
that poison outta their systems.
--[door opens]
--[GIRL B gasps]
Look, the raccoon's here!
Hey, Mr. Raccoon!
Wait, you guys are all okay?
The guy with the big puffy
hat just came to see us!
He cut the bad drugs out
of our bodies! It was crazy!
[CHOPPER]
Huh?
I was real scared at first,
but I feel awesome now!
He chopped us up into little
pieces and it was real funny!
[KONBU]
I'm hungry now.
[CHOPPER grunts]
He was helping them.
I'm kinda worried though, 'cause
Mocha still hasn't woken up.
[BIYO] She was fighting to try
and save all of us, wasn't she?
The Master was always so nice,
I had no idea he was
such a bad guy.
My memory's fuzzy,
but I remember when Mocha
coughed up blood and passed out.
Hey, Mr. Raccoon.
[CHOPPER]
I'm actually a reindeer.
Mocha, she'll be okay, right?
Can she still go home with us?
Please say yes.
Of course she can!
You're safe now!
The nightmare's finally over.
Where's the lady
with the orange hair?
Yeah, she promised that she
was gonna help us all get home.
And after everything
she's done for us,
we wanted to tell her thanks!
[CHILDREN chattering]
[TASHIGI]
Hey, kids.
[CHOPPER]
Huh?
Let's get you all home.
The Navy's gonna take you back
to your parents safe and sound.
[CHILDREN] But we don't
wanna go with the Navy!
[BOY G]
What about the robot?
[BOY H]
And the stretchy guy!
[BOY I]
Or the guy with weird eyebrows?
[USOPP]
Mm... Smells good!
I wonder what Sanji's
cookin' up for us?
I'm starving!
There we go, that's lookin'
pretty straight to me.
Just needs a super quick fix
and it'll be good to go!
Nami?
Did you manage to sort
out a deal with the marines?
[NAMI] Yep. I'm gonna leave
the children in their hands.
I talked a big game
about saving them,
but I kinda doubt their parents
would be too keen on
pirates bringing them home.
[USOPP laughs]
Yeah, you've got a point.
I think we've dealt with
enough wrongful accusations
of kidnapping in our lives.
Might as well just let the
good guys take all the credit.
Like always.
Besides,
I have a bad history
with most Marines,
but if they're women,
it's a different story.
[USOPP]
Yeah, why's that?
[NAMI]
Well...
They make me feel safe.
Oh, yeah. Your mom
was in the Navy, right?
Don't know how I forgot that.
She was, but that's
beside the point.
You can always count on
a strong female soldier.
[USOPP laughs]
Ain't that the truth?
[NAMI]
It sounds gross when you say it!
[USOPP laughs]
I was just agreeing!
New Kama Kempo Technique--
99 Fundamental Recipes!
A cold, exhausted
body needs a healthy,
heaping, helping
of fat and warmth!
So I made hormone soup
du jour with sea-pig pork!
[MARINES cheer]
I know you've been running on
an empty stomach for days now,
so start with the soup
and eat it slowly.
[BROOK chuckles]
I want it now!
[gulps]
[MOMONOSUKE grunts]
I bet you're
starving, aren't you?
Oh. You're so lucky,
Sanji's the best cook!
[MOMONOSUKE whimpers]
[MOMONOSUKE grunts]
I do not want this!
You cannot force me to
eat your strange food!
Hold it right there, punk!
The hell're you
doin' with that bowl?
I don't care if you're a kid!
Anyone wastes food around
me, well then, I waste them!
Did you not hear me?!
I said I don't want it!
[rumbling]
[SANJI] Oh, yeah? Your stomach's
sayin' somethin' different.
My stomach does not speak!
I am not hungry and
I will throw away this food,
no matter how
loudly you threaten me!
You better not!
[MOMONOSUKE grunts]
I gladly accept your feast!
[LUFFY, SANJI]
What?
[MOMONOSUKE, SANJI gasp]
Uh, hey.
Delicious! What is this?
My strength is returning!
I'll try this next!
[KIN'EMON]
And this!
[KIN'EMON] These
delicacies you've prepared
are shockingly delectable!
But, Father.
Their food is fine to eat, son.
Accept their kindness.
My life was saved
on this island,
and they were the
ones who saved it.
It was a gift to have
met such trustworthy people.
I can trust them?
And their food?
All this time, you haven't had
a single bite to eat, have you?
Such a strong boy!
It must have been awful!
[rumbling]
[KIN'EMON] You have nothing
to worry about anymore.
[whimpers]
[KIN'EMON]
We must have faith
that everyone else
is alive and well!
Now let us choose to live!
You hear me, Momonosuke?
--[rumbling]
--[MOMONOSUKE whimpers] Mm.
It's that good?
It's tasty enough to cry?
Moron. They've clearly
gone through some crap.
What the hell
happened to those two?
[footsteps]
Hello.
[ALL chattering]
What happened to
your sacred boundary
between good and evil, ya jerks?
[BOTH]
We're callin' for a ceasefire!
Well, if that's the case,
fetch the booze from the tanker.
We're on it!
And some juice!
We need to talk, Straw Hat.
There's no time to
stick around and eat.
They're gonna be
right on our tail.
We've gotta leave now.
That bad, huh?
Tell your crew
we've gotta ship out.
All right, I'll let 'em know.
Listen up, guys!
[ALL]
Huh?
We got trouble headin' our way.
We're outta time.
So party fast and hard!
Dig in and get down!
[ALL cheering]
[gasps]
[GROUP]
Cheers!
[CHILDREN laughing]
Enough already!
Why can't I stop?
[KIN'EMON] Momonosuke.
Is something wrong?
But, Father.
A true warrior shouldn't
allow themselves to
weep in front of others.
Hey, Momo!
[laughs] What are
you doing, Luffy?
We're havin' a crazy party!
Why're you cryin'?
Ya gotta laugh it up, buddy!
[MOMONOSUKE laughs]
[laughs]
[ALL laughing]
[BROOK cackles]
Here's to ya, my brother!
Yeah!
[USOPP chuckles]
Watch very closely, now.
And a one,
and a two, and a three!
--[FRANKY laughs]
--[CHILDREN chattering]
Here.
Oh, thank you!
Ah, that's good!
We've got more than enough food.
Get back in line
if you want seconds!
[ALL cheer]
Really warms you up, huh?
Sure does!
[MOMONOSUKE chuckles]
[MOCHA]
Whatever I have to do,
I'll make sure that
nobody eats any more candy!
I want all of us
to escape together!
Mocha!
[grunts]
[CHOPPER crying]
[CHOPPER gasps]
Mocha!
[MOCHA, CHOPPER laugh]
[CHOPPER]
Hey, Law.
I'm sorry I thought you were
trying to murder the kids.
You saved me.
Chopper told me that you
cut out all those bad drugs.
Thanks for helping me!
[MARINE J]
Vice Admiral Smokey!
We're takin' a team
back to Caesar's lab!
What happened?
We forced Caesar to
tell us the gas's weakness!
All our guys're still alive!
We're headin'
back to rescue 'em!
What the...? How is
Smoker still alive?
[MARINE J]
Let's go get 'em, guys!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
[SMOKER]
Huh.
[footsteps]
[CHILDREN chattering]
[SMOKER] Law, frankly,
although I made you a promise,
you can't possibly
expect me to keep it.
You're a pirate.
But if you wanted to silence me,
you had plenty of
opportunities to do it earlier.
What exactly are you
plannin', using Straw Hat?
Using him? What makes you
think he's not using me? Heh.
[LUFFY] Well, there's four of
'em, right? So which one is it?
If you really need to know,
I'm talking about Kaido,
King of the Beasts.
[gasps]
Hah. Sure, as long as Shanks
isn't first, I'm cool with that.
[LUFFY chuckles]
And besides,
I'm already plannin' on crushin'
all Four Emperors anyway.
[NARRATOR] At last, the
time to depart has arrived.
After farewells are exchanged
with the rescued children
and the G-Five soldiers,
Luffy lets out a triumphant
shout to set sail.
Meanwhile, Doflamingo
draws nearer and nearer,
his vile clutches threatening
to ensnare our heroes.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"It's Time to Say Goodbye!
Leaving Punk Hazard!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!